📖 Document --features (#2511)
vmware-tanzu/velero: site/docs/master/customize-installation.md

If you've already run `velero install` without the `--use-restic` flag, you can run the same command again, including the `--use-restic` flag, to add the restic integration to your existing install.

## Enable features

> New features in Velero will be released as beta features behind feature flags which are not enabled by default. These features can be enabled using the `--features` flag to the `velero install` command. This flag takes as value, a comma separated list of feature flags to enable. As an e.g. [CSI snapshotting of PVCs][10] can be enabled using `--features=EnableCSI` flags to the `velero install` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New features in Velero will be released as beta features behind feature flags which are not enabled by default. These features can be enabled using the `--features` flag to the `velero install` command. This flag takes as value a comma separated list of feature flags to enable. As an example, [CSI snapshotting of PVCs][10] can be enabled using `--features=EnableCSI` flags in the `velero install` command.
```

Reviewer: It's either "`in` or `on` the velero install command" (I always get that mixed up).

Author: done!

> Similarly, features may be disabled by removing the corresponding feature flags from the `--features` flag.

Reviewer: It'd be nice if right here was indicated possible ways to do that.

Author: ways to not supply the value to the flag?

Reviewer: Sorry, no I mean to disable/remove it.

Author: That involves showing how to not pass the value to flag. Not entirely sure how to document that. Suggestions?

Reviewer: I think it's the text on LN54. At least that is what I'm talking about :)

Author: PTAL at the new edits 😄

> The feature flags, passed to `velero install` will be passed to the Velero deployment and the `restic` daemon set, if `--use-restic` flag is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature flags, passed to `velero install` will be passed to the Velero deployment, and also to the `restic` daemon set if `--use-restic` flag is used.
```

Author: done!

> Enabling and disabling feature flags will require modifying the Velero deployment and also the restic daemonset. This may be done easily by uninstalling and re-installing Velero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling and disabling feature flags will require modifying the Velero deployment and also the restic daemonset. This may be done by uninstalling and re-installing Velero, or by editing the resource files in the cluster.
```

Reviewer: This could be moved to LN50.

Author: PTAL at the new edits 😄

If you've already run `velero install` without the `--use-restic` flag, you can run the same command again, including the `--use-restic` flag, to add the restic integration to your existing install.

## Enable features

> New features in Velero will be released as beta features behind feature flags which are not enabled by default. For a full listing of available feature flags, please refer `pkg/features/features.go`.

Reviewer 2: it'd be nice to include a link to `features.go` here.

Author: My bad. That's not a valid file. Our feature flag constants are not limited to a single file. Going to link our constants file here instead of the feature code.

Reviewer 3: I don't like linking to the Go code, mostly because in general I hate making people read code to understand a project. That being said, I also hate duplicating this kind of stuff, so I don't have a great alternative to generating docs based on the code right now.

My 2c - we keep the number of feature flags limited and be aggressive about deprecating them when the time is right so we don't have to worry about a crazy long list. If they're defined on an installation or in a client's config but no longer used, that should be a no-op.

Reviewer 2: :+1: it might be helpful in the future to move them to their own dedicated file, for clarity, but we can do that separately.

Author: +1 for keeping the feature flag list small.
But we should also have a way for users to discover feature flags. That's the problem I am looking to solve here and this was the easiest way to do that today.
Some options for us to consider:
1. having a features page on the website
2. having a CLI command list all features

My vote is for option2

Reviewer 3: Yeah, for today, I think this is the best option.

Per the design I wrote, I explicitly opted not to have a fully enumerated list of features. We can revisit that if it's easier, and I think Kubernetes does this. For now, we can log future action IMO.

Author: Created https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/issues/2515
